Go Won: They told me that the concept is princess~
HaSeul: Hey, Yves~
Yves: Hi~!
HaSeul: Our eleventh member is doing a photo shoot!
(Eye contact with Go Won!)
HaSeul: Hi~
HaSeul: She's so beautiful~
Yves: Looks like a doll~
HaSeul: You look like a doll, too!
Yves: Really? You mean an ugly doll?
Yves: HaSeul, you look like a doll too!!
(The two of 97 liners seem close...)
Yves: We're friends~
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Go Won - One&Only"
HaSeul: Did you do it well?
Go Won: I think the outfits are really pretty~
(Yves' word makes her heart dropped like 'Heart Attack')
Yves: No, you're pretty
(The members taking care of Go won!)
JinSoul: Oh~ You're so pretty on camera!
HaSeul: You look pretty now~
Go Won: I want to see how I come out on camera~
HaSeul: Okay. Let me show you.
JinSoul: You're coming out really pretty on camera!
Go Won: Oh...!
HaSeul: You like it?
Go Won: I really like it!
JinSoul: It looks like she is enjyoing her beauty, right?
Go Won: Wow, it comes out really well..!!
JinSoul: Should I join?
Go Won: I did my best today~
JinSoul: Hi!